gh-91349: Adjust default compression level to 6 (down from 9) in gzip and tarfile (#131470)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2025-03-19-12-41-42.gh-issue-91349.8eTOCP.rst

> Adjust default compression level to 6 (down from 9) in gzip and tarfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adjust default ``compressionlevel=`` to 6 (down from 9) in :mod:`gzip` and :mod:`tarfile`.
This matches the default level used by most .gz related compression tools and a better
tradeoff between speed and performance.
```

> Adjust default compression level to 6 (down from 9) in gzip and tarfile.

Author: ```suggestion
Adjust default ``compressionlevel=`` to 6 (down from 9) in :mod:`gzip` and :mod:`tarfile`.
```
